# hello-world
Beginner guide to githubbing
Hi. My name is A. I currently live in my parents basement, and I hope that I escape this little pit. But the only way to do this is if I have to away for work or in pursuit of another bout of research. It's difficult to understand because how just how this scenario came to be. Firstly, my family is very strict when it comes to what sons or daughters aught to do and what not to do. My role is to be close to home and to help my family wit whatever needs to be done. I am SICK and TIRED of doing so. I loath helping my parents with farm labour and with other menial tasks that I waste my time on. Not only is this aggrivating that I do the work that benefit by both my parents, but it has to be done at times where my time and focus is needed towrads my school and future career.

But.

This is what also makes me an asshole. The work isnt hard to do, nor is it time consuming. Most times farm labour lasts for about 3 hours or so. The home garden stuff takes up just an afternoon and it's just me sitting down and weeding. It is boring and I would like to do something else entirely with my time, but it isn't a terrible thing. I was always under the impression that my parents are somehow holding me back because they think I'm too stupid or naive to do anything else. But it isn't that. What they really wanted was for me to be a part of the family and to be happy together. I can't see it that way. I loath the fact that this is somehow the only way to ever be happy. I want to be happy with everyone I meet and to cherish every moment of it with them, family, friends, and even strangers. My mother and father (for reasons that are too personal to discuss here) dont see it that way: the only individuals in life that you should give your all for are your family members.
